hello and welcome back to another
Warcraft video so today we're going to
be having a look at the tribute to Robin
Williams that Blizzard have put into the
game and we're currently sitting here in
talador that's quite a pretty view yeah
quite a pretty view indeed anyway so
here's map this is little island which
is on the southern coast of the talador
slash the southern coast of the ground
and yeah there's a bit of an island here
and people have found interesting Robin
Williams related things on the island so
let's go and check them out and yeah so
it's pretty cold Brizard have decided to
do this obviously it's you know very
very sad affair of the whole thing and
yeah of course Robin Williams himself
was very much into world Warcraft turns
out he liked to build his own computers
which you know I respect that's pretty
badass so this is a egg thingy I pretty
sure it is a reference to Mork which is
a sitcom that he did back in the day and
all I know about Mork is that it's also
the name of the god of the orcs and the
Warhammer 40k universe so yeah probably
not much of a crossover there still
though pretty cool and in terms of other
things we have this I know this is one
thing that I do remember and have
watched it's the genie from Aladdin
there you go
now this line is actually slightly
different from the light in the movie it
sounds to me like they ended up having
to change it just a little bit because
Disney as I'm sure you are all aware are
not really lovable chaps no they'd like
suing and things like that here's a
little pouch of things hell yeah that's
fun
and I think if we go up here yeah you
can see that I think that's like some
sort of toy in fact let's just use let's
just use ego eye to get that little bit
closer
and yet there you go you can't see that
it is indeed a toy and that is of course
well most likely anyway a reference to
mrs. Doubtfire and yeah Alex for the win
I think Alex are pretty cold was also
that which seems to be some little
miniature cage yeah cool stuff now I
know that some people have found like a
little miniature tank lying around here
like a little toy tank no idea where it
is unfortunately so yeah I don't know I
think I might just leave that one to you
guys to to explore and and find out now
I have looked at other parts of the
islands including swimming underneath it
there was nothing there so this so far
appears to be what Bridget have put in
and you know what I think it was really
really nice little nice little thing you
know they done it well and that's
totally cool plus he's got some
island that's nice
ions are cool oh and yet its future me
who's edited this in I forgot to mention
when I was on the island that there are
two more data mined models one of them
is basically his human character from
Mork and the other one is a human female
character who's kind of dressed up in a
Miss Doubtfire esque way they are not
Kearney in the game though so no idea
really how that's going to pan out or
perhaps if they are going to be in the
game maybe there'll be a toy or trinket
item the spawns one of them or does
something like that but anyway that's
pretty much it for the island um this
actually a it's a weird part of toilet
or as well just worth saying that I have
not really had much of a reason to go
here as you can see there isn't even a
bonus objective located on this coast
but on this coast there are a whole
bunch of NPCs and I actually might show
them to you because they look like kyaa
guys
in fact I'm 99% sure they're using one
of the old models from a queue and
that's probably not intentional by the
way you can really just notice the
terrible anti aliasing that's going on
there huh
oh those jaggies come on I'm I'm a
serious PC gamer I wouldn't stand for
this it's time for this at all yeah
apparently Blizzard basically I think
they switched to a deferred rendering
engine which has sometimes got a shoe
with May I'll check that out later
but oh wow this is different so when I
was here last night there was a dad
merlok lying here called Google Doodles
or something like that oh there he is
GERD you're a good burger no girl gurgle
gurgle is the name of this guy
so let's kill ger burgle and then we'll
probably end the video yeah anyway
overall I think it's the whole thing
with Rod Williams is pretty cool and I'm
in the in-game tribute obviously not
what happened that's not very cool at
all yeah sort of
sake affair but as I know that's how the
cookie crumbles as they say kill him and
see what he drops ah really
got a placeholder anyway so there's the
Robin Williams tribute and a special
surprise in the form of this guy I'm
just lookin that's pretty expression no
anyway thank you very much for watching
all that stuff fam you can leave a
comment in the end in the comment place
and like and all that cool stuff and I
will see you next time
you